you
[Music]
dust off your scrunchies and bust out
you Babbitt addresses the original gang
from Beverly Hills Nano to 100 is coming
back anyone who was alive during the
1990s probably watched at least one
episode of Beverly Hills Nano to era the
series which ran for 10 seasons depicted
not always so fabulous lives of mostly
fabulous teens living in the world's
most fabulous zip code you're watching
how they changed and it's time to River
yo Pima and take a ride behind the
scenes of the definitive 1990s teen
drama
while most fans thought actress Tori
Spelling only landed a role in the show
thanks to nepotism as a father Aaron
Spelling was its producer she actually
auditioned for her part under a
different name she tried out for the
role of socially awkward and red so came
out but was given the role of
fashionista doing a Marten even though
her father was busy developing the show
he didn't talk to her about it
instead she found out about auditions
from merchants heaven Spelling may not
have been involved with getting his
daughter Tori apart in nano to Ana he
did exert his influence when she joined
the cast according to fellow producers
he demanded that her character donors
stayed a virgin until after she
graduated from college not only there
but he had her abusive boyfriend Ray
written out of the show before his
contract ended when Donna started to
take flak from fans of the show for
staying with him
[Music]
according to LUMO the greater of Beverly
Hills 902 and Oh Darren star toward with
the idea of a totally different title
his thought he wanted to pay tribute to
the place he grew up in Potomac Maryland
and the show even had the working title
part of Mack 208 5 4 during development
thankfully he changed his mind as we
can't imagine the cold show being said
anywhere else than Beverly Hills despite
the title of the show the wolf family
apparently didn't live in Beverly Hills
at all a storyline centers around
Brandon Brandon feeling out of place
after moving to Beverly Hills from
manipulates but looking at the exterior
shots of their home seems they were
actually living in Altadena in
California around 30 miles away we
totally understand the hell Altadena 9
100 1 doesn't have the same ring to it
bad boy Dylan McKay was one of the most
popular characters of Beverly Hills
90210 as we couldn't get in the half of
his on-off relationship with Brenda but
it was up to Fox Dylan would have only
been in the show for two absence
thankfully producer Aaron Spelling loved
loved Paris characters so much that he
said he'd pay his salary himself rather
than the second and anointest teen idol
was born
Shannon Dawes he totally messed up her
audition she was one of the most iconic
members of the 902 an outcast after all
who can imagine Brenda being played by
anyone else a Chanin Lord he has
revealed that she almost didn't get the
part of Brenda Walsh after she messed up
her audition the actress said that she
did a horrible dish walking out of the
audition thinking she had totally blown
it but despite that the casting director
came out and told her not to
found herself help just yet while it
might seem as if Brenda and Brandon were
permanent feature in our small screens
for those of us who anoint his kids new
single cast member Fri peered in every
single episode of the show in fact only
four of the main cast members Donna
Kelly Kelly Taylor David Silva and Steve
Saunders appeared in all 10 seasons of
nano to 1o considering at 9:02 and OH
fooled the lives of some of the most
making attractive young people on the
planet it's no surprised that the love
scenes didn't stay on screen according
to Jason Priestley various combinations
of people slept with each other during
the years of filming tour is telling
later that atop his claim saying she had
a summer fling with one of her co-stars
territory name means
actress Shannen Doherty who played
Brenda Walsh had reputation as biggest
diva on the show currently complaining
when she called a normal text instead of
an emo to take her to show promise for
years she was involved in a third with
her co-star Jennie Garth who played
Kelly Taylor love character took told
his on-screen boyfriend Dylan McKay from
her a2 has since thought to have managed
to repair their friendship thought he
was also known for her constant
tardiness frequently showing a pledge to
sad angering producer Aaron Spelling
when she warned the rule of six CEO and
read so c'mon Gabrielle Carteris was
actually 13 years older than her
character at 29 rumor has it that she
lied about her age to learn the part
fearing creators forgive the role of a
schoolgirl the son who was almost
reaching the big 30
the storyline got a bit weird and
Hatteras became pregnant and produces
decided they would have to write her
pregnancy into the show to explain her
grown waistline she is not the only one
who lied about her age though
after Shannon Daugherty's high-profile
firing from 902 anno produces knew there
was a brenda sized hall they would need
to feel they created the character of
valerie melona first offering the part
Alicia Silverstone Drew Barrymore and
the Rose plays actress Alyssa Milano in
the end tiffani-amber thiessen took the
part
much to the disgust of boyfriend Brian
Austin Green avid silver but didn't want
her character to hook up with any of the
male cast
a cow who actually helped ratings while
nano to 1o is no best known for focusing
on the antiques of Brandon Brenda in
their high school policy show actually
started life as a family drama based
around the wash family the first of the
episodes focusing on high school life
was screened in early 1991 on the very
same day that every other network
switched its usual programming to cover
the car for this Fox didn't them have
news shows to enter head with nano
two-and-oh and show ratings soared
[Music]
a high school used for filming in
Beverly Hills 90210 was Torrance high
school in California so when you see the
cast members going through those arched
doors or loitering in the courtyard
that's where they were was also used as
the school for outdoor scenes in Buffy
the Vampire Slayer just imagine if Buffy
had joined Brenda Brandon and the crew
Shirley then Brenda wouldn't mess with
Buffy
sunglasses were banned the Wanda look
perry spent most of his time squinting
even though the hills is famed for its
sunny weather characters weren't allowed
to wear sunglasses Aaron Spelling
apparently hated his cast members
wearing sunglasses almost as much as he
hated them changing their hair without
telling him according to his daughter
Tori he thought viewers should be able
to look into character's eyes to see
what they were feeling before they
started to speak
[Music]
this were some juicy facts about our
beloved Beverly Hills meadow to an O
give a like if you enjoy this video
subscribe to our Channel and write down
a comment about your favorite TV series
of 90s daycare
[Music]